[TW-1509] Doc Adding environments to APIs on private network (#5266)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/private-api-network/managing-private-network.md

## Contents

* [Editing collections and APIs](#editing-collections-and-apis)
* [Moving folders and elements](#moving-folders-and-elements)
* [Renaming folders](#renaming-folders)
* [Removing folders and elements](#removing-folders-and-elements)

## Editing collections and APIs

You can change a collection's or API's associated environments in the Private API Network.

Select the more actions icon <img alt="More actions icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-more-actions-v9.jpg#icon" width="16px"> next to the collection you would like to edit from the network, then select **Edit collection**. Edit the collection, then select **Edit** to save your changes.

> To change the environment of an API, select an API-linked collection, and from the menu options, select **Edit environments**. The same option is available from the menu in the top right corner.

Reviewer: I don't understand this part. 
Environments can now be assigned to APIs so that an API-linked collection will have the environments selected for the parent API available. Still, those environments can not be directly assigned to the collection.

Would it be more clear to say something like this?

> To change the environment of an API-linked collection, select the parent API, and from the menu options, select **Edit environments**.

> To change the environment of an API, select an API-linked collection, and from the menu options, select **Edit environments**. The same option is available from the menu in the top right corner.

Author: ```suggestion
To change the environment of an API-linked collection, select the parent API, and from the menu options, select **Edit environments**. The same option is available from the menu in the top right corner.
```

> To make bulk edits, from the top left menu, select **+** or **Add to Network**. The **Add elements to the Private API network** opens.

Reviewer: The bulk add flow doesn't allow editing the already added entities; users can not update the environments list from there. They can only add new elements:

<img width="1153" alt="image" src="https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-docs/assets/113192161/c26fa0da-0090-411e-825b-24063af9e60d">

## Contents

> * [Editing collections and APIs](#editing-collections-and-apis)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Editing collections](#editing-collections)
```

* [Moving folders and elements](#moving-folders-and-elements)
* [Renaming folders](#renaming-folders)
* [Removing folders and elements](#removing-folders-and-elements)

> ## Editing collections and APIs

Author: ```suggestion
## Editing collections
```

## Editing collections

> You can change a collection's or API's associated environments in the Private API Network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can change an API or collection's associated environments in the Private API Network.
```

Reviewer 2: I flipped it to get rid of the "API's" because I know someone is going to flag it a typo even though it isn't.

## Editing collections

You can change a collection's or API's associated environments in the Private API Network.

> Select the more actions icon <img alt="More actions icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-more-actions-v9.jpg#icon" width="16px"> next to the collection you would like to edit from the network, then select **Edit collection**. Edit the collection, then select **Edit** to save your changes.

Reviewer 3: "next to the collection"  should mention APIs?
select **Edit Collection**, the action is now renamed to **Edit environments**.

To change the environment of an API-linked collection, select the parent API, and from the menu options, select **Edit environments**. The same option is available from the menu in the top right corner.

To add new elements using bulk edits, from the top left menu, select **+** or **Add to Network**. The **Add elements to the Private API network** opens.

<img alt="Add elements to the Private Network" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/private-api-network-add-environment-v10.jpg" width="500px"/>

> You can only edit collections added directly from the [Private API Network](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/private-api-network/organizing-private-network/#adding-elements-in-your-private-api-network) or the [workbench](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/private-api-network/organizing-private-network/#adding-a-collection-from-the-workbench). You can't edit collections added to APIs.

Reviewer 3: what does edit mean here ? If it corresponds to editing summary/description, we have removed that from the network
<img width="448" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-06 at 11 23 03 AM" src="https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-docs/assets/87695709/ffb0d308-64e7-4c47-a4d2-3c916cd4f9b1">
These are the only actions available.

Author: I’ll ask a teammate who worked on this before me.
